Note that huge pages only need a Volume somtimes (#33059)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/manage-hugepages/scheduling-hugepages.md

A pod may consume multiple huge page sizes in a single pod spec. In this case it
must use `medium: HugePages-<hugepagesize>` notation for all volume mounts.

> This Volume and VolumeMount are only necessary if your application

Reviewer: I'd move this section to the bullet point list below and simplify to:

```
- emptyDir Volume/VolumeMount usage is not required if the pod consumes huge pages via `shmat`/`shmget` system calls or `mmap` with the `MAP_HUGETLB` flag.
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @kirinrastogi , can you review at endocrimes' suggestion

Author: I did this but changed `emptyDir` to be `EmptyDir` to match the capitalization with the other bullet points, and used `with` instead of `via`.

> Note that this Volume and VolumeMount are only necessary if your application

Reviewer 3: "Note" is redundant.

```suggestion
This Volume and VolumeMount are only necessary if your application
```

> Note that this Volume and VolumeMount are only necessary if your applicataion

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note that this Volume and VolumeMount are only necessary if your application
```

> requests huge pages via the `mmap` syscall, without the `MAP_HUGETLB` flag. If your

Reviewer 3: Following the [style guide(https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-latin-phrases), avoid Latin abbreviations.
```suggestion
requests huge pages with the `mmap` syscall and without the `MAP_HUGETLB` flag. If your
```

> application requests huge pages via `shmat`, `shmget`, or `mmap` with the

Reviewer 3: Avoid Latin abbreviations.
```suggestion
application requests huge pages with `shmat`, `shmget`, or `mmap` with the
```

> - Huge page usage in a namespace is controllable via ResourceQuota similar
>   to other compute resources like `cpu` or `memory` using the `hugepages-<size>`
>   token.
> - EmptyDir Volume/VolumeMount usage is not required if the pod consumes huge pages with `shmat`/`shmget` system calls or `mmap` with the `MAP_HUGETLB` flag.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- EmptyDir volumes or volume mounts are not required if a Pod consumes huge pages
  with `shmat`/`shmget` system calls or `mmap` with the `MAP_HUGETLB` flag.
- Huge page usage in a namespace is controllable via ResourceQuota similar
  to other compute resources like `cpu` or `memory` using the `hugepages-<size>`
  token.
```

Author: I think this is out of scope for this pull request.

Reviewer 4: Not a strong opinion. I was expecting that two items related to `shmat/shmget` calls sit next to each other.

Reviewer 5: The text that @tengqm suggested makes more sense to me; for
```markdown
- EmptyDir Volume/VolumeMount usage is not required if the pod consumes huge
  pages with `shmat`/`shmget` system calls or `mmap` with the `MAP_HUGETLB` flag.
```
I didn't really know what was meant without more context.

Here's my tweaked version. @kirinrastogi I recommend you do accept either my suggestion
or @tengqm's.
```suggestion
- `emptyDir` volumes or volume mounts are not required if a Pod consumes huge pages
  with `shmat`/`shmget` system calls, or by using `mmap` with the `MAP_HUGETLB` flag.
- Huge page usage in a namespace is controllable via ResourceQuota similar
  to other compute resources like `cpu` or `memory`. You define requests and limits for
  hugepages of different sizes by using the `hugepages-<size>` token. For example,
  `hugepages-2Mi` is the token for the total amount of 2MiB pages that a container or Pod
  could use.
```

Optionally (not required for _this_ PR): change other instances of EmptyDir to `emptyDir`, which is the capitalization we use in the API (eg, in a JSON serialization).
